README.md, before:

# Peerio - Secure messaging and file sharing made easy.

Peerio integrates cloud storage with a messaging platform so you can safely keep your important files online and ready to send from anywhere. With end-to-end encryption, messages and files are encrypted before leaving your computer and can only be read by you and your recipients. 

Peerio beta is available for Chrome, Windows and Mac. Coming soon to Android and iOS. Build instructions for linux can be found [here](BUILD.md)

For all features please visit our [website](https://www.peerio.com). For support and frequently asked questions, please see our [support portal](https://support.peerio.com). 

## Documentation

For more information about the protocol and the application design/architecture see the [specification](SPECIFICATION.md) and the [threat model](THREATMODEL.md) documents.

## Contributing

If you would like to help this project, a good place to start is the ["help wanted"](https://github.com/PeerioTechnologies/peerio-client/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22help+wanted%22) tag in the issues of this repository. Before contributing, please make sure to read the [contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md). 

## License

The Peerio client is licensed under the [GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE VERSION 3](LICENSE.md)

Commit message:

link to transifex in README

README.md, after:

# Peerio - Secure messaging and file sharing made easy.

Peerio integrates cloud storage with a messaging platform so you can safely keep your important files online and ready to send from anywhere. With end-to-end encryption, messages and files are encrypted before leaving your computer and can only be read by you and your recipients. 

Peerio beta is available for Chrome, Windows and Mac. Coming soon to Android and iOS. Build instructions for linux can be found [here](BUILD.md)

For all features please visit our [website](https://www.peerio.com). For support and frequently asked questions, please see our [support portal](https://support.peerio.com). 

## Documentation

For more information about the protocol and the application design/architecture see the [specification](SPECIFICATION.md) and the [threat model](THREATMODEL.md) documents.

## Contributing

If you would like to help this project, a good place to start is the ["help wanted"](https://github.com/PeerioTechnologies/peerio-client/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22help+wanted%22) tag in the issues of this repository. Before contributing, please make sure to read the [contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md). 

If you would like to contribute to localization, please go to our [Transifex page](https://www.transifex.com/projects/p/peerio/).

## License

The Peerio client is licensed under the [GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE VERSION 3](LICENSE.md)
